# Peract.io - Cloud Terms of Service

## Welcome to Peract.io Cloud!

Your use of the Peract.io Cloud service (the “Service”) is governed by this
legal agreement (the “Terms”). The Service is provided by No-Limit.io SAS,
located at 3B ROUTE D'EPERNON, 78125 POIGNY-LA-FORET, FRANCE.

By using the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms. Please read them
carefully.

The Service is available to you if you are 13 years of age or older. If you are
13 or older, but under the age of majority in your country of residence, you
must review this agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you
and your parent or guardian understand it. You may use the Service only if you
can form a binding contract with No-Limit.io and are not barred under any
applicable laws from doing so.

## Using our Service

You must follow any policies made available to you within the Service. You agree
to use the Service only for purposes as permitted by these Terms.

In order to use the Service, you need to establish an Account. You are solely
responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password. You are also
responsible for all activities or actions exercised by your Account, and you
should immediately notify No-Limit.io if you learn of any unauthorized use of
your Account. Please note that we may delete accounts (and all associated
Content) that haven’t been used for an extended period of time.

Using our Service does not give you any legal right, title, or interest in our
Service or the Content you access. You may not assign (or grant a sub-license
of) your rights to use the Service, or otherwise transfer any part of your
rights to use the Service. The Service, including the software used to implement
the Service, as well as the software provided to you as a part of the Service
(the “Software”), are protected by copyright, trademark, applicable intellectual
property and other laws. These Terms do not grant you the right to use any
trademarks, branding, or logos used in our Service. No portion of the Service
may be reproduced in any form or by any means, except as expressly permitted in
these Terms.

Don’t misuse our Service. You agree not to engage in any activity that
interferes with or disrupts the Service (or the servers and networks which are
connected to the Service). Also, you agree not to access the Service using a
method other than the interface and instructions we provide. For example, you
may not:

a. reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code
of the software used to access the Service or protocols used in the Service,
unless this is required by law;

b. attempt to disable or circumvent any security mechanisms used by the Service;

c. probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;

d. breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measures;

e. access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service;

f. interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example by sending
a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing any part of the
Service;

g. plant malware or otherwise use the Service to distribute malware;

h. access or search the Service by any means other than our publicly supported
interfaces (for example, “scraping”). If your use of the Service or other
behavior intentionally or unintentionally threatens our ability to provide the
Service, we will take any reasonable steps to protect the Service, which may
include suspension of your access to the Service.

We may provide you with notices regarding the Service, including changes to the
Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Website and/or Service.

## Your Content in Our Service

All information to which you may have access as part of, or through your use of,
the Service are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content
originated. All such information is referred to as the “Content.”

You agree that you will not use the Service to upload, transmit, store, or
otherwise make available any unlawful Content; engage in any copyright
infringement or other intellectual copyright infringement; upload, transmit,
store or otherwise make available any material that contains viruses or any
other computer code, files or programs designed to harm, interfere or limit the
normal operation of the Service (or any part thereof), or any other computer
software or hardware; and/or plan or engage in any illegal activity.

You retain full ownership for the Content you upload or otherwise submit to the
Service. No-Limit.io does not claim ownership or any intellectual property
rights to any of it. We do, however, need certain limited rights in order to
operate the Service: you grant No-Limit.io (and those we work with) a
worldwide, non-exclusive license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create
derivative works, communicate, and distribute such Content, without any
compensation or obligation to you. The rights you grant in this license are for
the limited purpose of operating and improving our Service, and to develop new
ones. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any
Content that you submit to our Service. We may remove any Content from our
Service at our discretion.

In order to provide the Service and make your Content available, No-Limit.io
may transmit your Content across various public networks, in various media, and
modify or change your Content to comply with technical requirements of
connecting networks or devices or computers. You agree that the license herein
permits No-Limit.io to take any such actions.

You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your Content. No-Limit.io
shall use reasonable skill and due care in providing the Service, but has no
responsibility or liability for the deletion, corruption, or failure to store
any Content maintained or transmitted through your use of the Service.

## Privacy

No-Limit.io takes your privacy very seriously. We share your personal
information only in a few rare occasions explained in our Privacy Policy. For
example, we might need to share your data with law enforcement authorities. By
using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information about you
and your use of the Service in accordance with our Privacy Policy
(http://no-limit.io/privacy/).

## About Software in our Service

The Software which you use may from time to time automatically download and
install updates from No-Limit.io. These updates are designed to improve, enhance
and further develop the Service and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced
functions, or entirely new versions of the Software. You agree that No-Limit.io
may automatically deliver such updates to you as part of your use of the Service
and you shall receive and install them as required.

No-Limit.io gives you a personal, non-assignable, non-exclusive, limited license
to use the Software provided to you by No-Limit.io as part of the Service. The
license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use our Service in the manner
permitted in these Terms. You may not (or permit anyone else to) copy, modify,
rent, loan, distribute, sell, lease, sublicense, assign, grant a security
interest in or otherwise transfer any right in any part of the Service or
Software, nor may you reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to
extract the source code of the Software, unless expressly permitted or required
by law.

## Modifying and Terminating our Service

We are constantly modifying and improving our Service over time. We may add or
remove features or functionalities, and we may temporarily suspend or
discontinue the Service altogether. We may, at any time, change or impose fees
for your access and use of the Service.

You can stop using the Service at any time, although we would be sorry to see
you go. No-Limit.io may also stop providing the Service to you at any time, with
or without cause, and with or without notice. For example, we may immediately
suspend or terminate your use if you are not complying with these Terms, or use
the Service in any way that would cause us legal liability or disrupt others’
use of the Service.

If we suspend or terminate the Service or your Account, we will try to give you
reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that Service.
After a period of time, however, No-Limit.io may permanently delete the Content
that is associated with your Account.

## Exclusion of Warranties

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS SECTION, SHALL EXCLUDE WARRANTIES WHICH
MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE
RISK AND THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”.

NO-LIMIT.IO MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
REGARDING THE SERVICE INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY
OF THE FOREGOING, No-Limit.io DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT: (A)
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR.

## Limitation of Liability

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THIS SECTION, SHALL LIMIT NO-LIMIT.IO’S
LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT No-Limit.io SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY.
THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS
OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSS.

THE LIMITATIONS ON No-Limit.io’S LIABILITY TO YOU IN THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE SHALL
APPLY WHETHER OR NOT No-Limit.io HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

## Indemnity

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify No-Limit.io, and its affiliates,
employees or partners from and against any third party claim arising from or in
any way related to (a) your breach of the Terms, (b) your use of the Service,
(c) your violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with
the Service, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses,
damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and
attorneys’ fees, of every kind and nature. In such a case, No-Limit.io will
provide you with written notice of such claim, suit or action.

## About these Terms

Please note that the Terms of Service may change from time to time. We will post
notice of modifications on our website. In the case of substantial changes, we
may, at our sole discretion, provide a prominent notice, e.g., using a dialog in
the Peract.io application, or by sending you an email with the updated Terms.
You understand and agree that if you use the Service after the date on which the
Terms have changed, No-Limit.io will treat your use of the Service as acceptance
of the updated Terms.

Certain components of the Service provided by No-Limit.io may require separate
Software or other license agreements or Terms of Use. You must read, accept, and
agree to be bound by any such separate agreements as a condition of using these
particular components or features of the Service.

If you do not comply with these Terms, and we don’t take action right away, this
doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking
action in the future).

These Terms control the relationship between you and No-Limit.io, they don’t
create any third party beneficiary rights.

Upon any termination of the Service under Section “Modifying and Terminating our
Service”, these Terms will also terminate, but Sections “Exclusion of
Warranties”, “Limitation of Liability”, “Indemnity” , and “About these Terms”
shall continue to be effective after these Terms are terminated.

This is the entire agreement between you and No-Limit.io with respect to the
Service and it supersedes and replaces any prior representations, discussions,
undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the Service. If any part
of this agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions will
remain in full force and effect, and enforceable term will be substituted
reflecting our intent as closely as possible.

This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
substantive laws in force in France if the Service is used by a Customer having
its seat in a member state of the European Union. The respective courts of
France competent for No-Limit.io’s seat shall have jurisdiction over all
disputes relating to this agreement; however No-Limit.io may file legal actions
as well at the seat of the Customer.
